CSOAR-4450: Upgrade integrations in batches of 15 (for which credentials are not available) - 8 batches (#6561)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/platform-services/automation-service/app-central/integrations/ark.md

---

> title: ARK

Reviewer: Is ARK a third-party software? Can you provide a link for it?

Author: The main aim of this [epic](https://sumologic.atlassian.net/browse/CSOAR-4026) is to upgrade the Python version in existing integrations. This is an existing integration for which documentation was not available, so we created one. I also attempted to find any existing reference links but couldn’t locate any.

description: ''
---
import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

<img src={useBaseUrl('/img/platform-services/automation-service/app-central/logos/ark-logo.png')} alt="ARK icon" width="120"/>

***Version: 1.4  
Updated: April 13, 2026***

The ARK integration enables automated interaction with incident data and relationships within the platform. It supports actions such as retrieving parent incidents to help streamline investigation workflows and improve incident visibility.

## Actions

* **Get Parents For Incident** (*Enrichment*) - Retrieves parent incidents for a given incident..

> ## Configure F5 AS3 in Automation Service and Cloud SOAR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure ARK in Automation Service and Cloud SOAR
```

Author: Done

import IntegrationsAuth from '../../../../reuse/integrations-authentication.md';
import IntegrationCertificate from '../../../../reuse/automation-service/integration-certificate.md';
import IntegrationEngine from '../../../../reuse/automation-service/integration-engine.md';
import IntegrationLabel from '../../../../reuse/automation-service/integration-label.md';
import IntegrationProxy from '../../../../reuse/automation-service/integration-proxy.md';
import IntegrationTimeout from '../../../../reuse/automation-service/integration-timeout.md';

<IntegrationsAuth/>
* <IntegrationLabel/>

> * **URL**. Enter your ARK URL.

Reviewer: Where do they get their ARK URL? Can you provide a link example? Can you also link to ARK documentation?
